ARROW-17222: [Docs][Archery][Integration] Document the current Integration test cases covered by archery (#13717)
apache/arrow: docs/source/format/Integration.rst

will have count 28.

For "null" type, ``BufferData`` does not contain any buffers.

Current Archery Integration Test Cases
--------------------------------------

> For ease of future development, it makes sense to document the current test
> cases which are covered by the :ref:`Archery <archery>` integration tests.
> This can serve to make it easy to understand what manual testing may need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list can make it easier to understand what manual testing may need to
```
I don't we need to justify why we document our tools 😁
